Hey hey.
We have another project that we need to work on now.
This project is a little unique because it's well it's gonna be a simple project but I'm going to attempt
to do this with no rehearsal.
I haven't really tried this before.
I want to show you exactly what my process is when I'm exploring an idea let's say I want to send myself
a text message.
That's right.
Using python I want to receive a text message on my phone.
And there's some interesting use cases right.
You can perhaps create a python script that checks the stock price of let's say Apple and maybe sends
you a text that this is now a good time to buy Apple.
When the ticker symbol gets to a certain price or maybe when we create our portfolio in the web development
section of this course and we'll have a contact form for our clients to contact us maybe when that happens
or we want to send ourselves a text message as well.
So this is a very very useful thing to know.
But how can we do that.
Well luckily it's all about APIs and Tulio is the go to when it comes to anything related to communications
whether it's tax the voice or audio Twilio is a great API for you to use.
Now if I click on Twilio here again we see that some big companies are using it but we're also going
to have to sign up to the service.
Now I'm going to save you the trouble of me going through the sign up process.
Instead I'm going to fast forward and I'll show you once I'm logged in.
All right.
Once you're logged in you're gonna get to the dashboard over here and you're going to want to create
a project.
So you see over here that there's a couple of templates they can actually just create for yourself.
You can do phone verification S M S chat bots two factor authentication.
There's even a game learn and explore which allows you to explore the API
in my case.
I don't want to use a template.
I want to just create a product and I want to do a programmable estimates.
That is texting.
So let's continue.
And by the way Web sites like these always change their UI and the visual.
So it might look different for you depending on when you watch the video but all the functionality should
be the same.
I'm going to give my project the name 0 2 mastery texture and let's click Continue.
No I don't have any friends.
This is just me.
So I want an invite to teammate and there we go.
We have our dashboard in the next video.
I'm going to try and attempt to send myself a text message.
Now I haven't really practiced this.
So we'll see how it goes.
We'll do a bit of trial and error.
I'll see in the next one.
Bye bye.